[BLANK_AUDIO]
>> Trachidelix and all the best and the happy holidays.
And I'm in Sarnat, the Deer Park, and the Orgin Sami Chutulang, the Nanari, and
I'm greeting to you.
And this year or this month been one of the very beautiful moments in my life.
And it's been wonderful and a complex and beautiful monument in the stupa.
And the statues and the temples honoring our great teacher, Kinti Padnisha Rinpoche.
And so many Sangha members came around the world, and
bless many resident monks and nuns and local guests.
We all had wonderful time to honor, honor, and
opening this session on the Day of the Buddha, the Sennapum Heaven.
Which falls to the 4th of November.
So it's been wonderful and thank you very much for all your support and
help to the indirectly, indirectly, and that being the heart.
This monument grown so beautifully.
This monument will be standing here for
accorded local purpose and a craftsman said over 1,000 years.
The stone is so good, similar stone as great King Dharma Akhoka's pillars and
his monuments.
So hope this will stay for that long and
generate so many blessings and bring peace and
happy to every living beings and then to the enlightenment.
Once again, thank you very much for your help and the support and helping.
And we hear all the best, good health, joy, peace,
happy, healthy prosperity on this holiday and upcoming years.
Thank you and very much, and all my best.
Tashi Dele, thank you.